Email Integrations Enhancement - Categories (#26130)
demisto/content: Packs/EmailCommunication/ReleaseNotes/2_0_7.md

#### Mappers

> ##### MS Graph Mail Single User - Incoming Mapper - Email Communication
> - Updated the **fetch-incidents** command to include *Categories*.
> 
> ##### MS Graph Mail - Incoming Mapper - Email Communication
> - Updated mapper to include *Categories*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### MS Graph Mail Single User - Incoming Mapper - Email Communication
- Added the *Categories* field mapping for the *Phishing* and *Email Communication* incident types.

##### MS Graph Mail - Incoming Mapper - Email Communication
- Added the *Categories* field mapping for the *Phishing* and *Email Communication* incident types.
```
